It is important for any organization
to have well written policies and other reference guides,
which allow management to guide operations efficiently
and accurately.
These policy and reference guides allow departments
and employees to clearly understand their roles
and responsibilities.
The government has many laws, policies and regulations
that determine how staff should perform duties
in the best interest of patient care.
These are all arranged in a policy hierarchy.
A policy hierarchy within a government organization
is when laws, policies and regulations are given
and followed in a certain order.
Next we will discuss the policies and reference guides
in place for your use.